So let us write a function two single numbers by passing
the array and its size and two integer pointers Numb one
and numb two first we need to XOR all
the numbers while doing this all the same numbers will
cancel out and the XOR value of odd occurring
numbers will remain so write int i int XOR result
equal to zero
And now write the for loop for i equal to zero
I less than size I plus plus XOR Result
XOR equal to array of I
Next we need to find the first set bit to
split the numbers from the XOR result For that
we can continuously left shift the number one and perform
bitwise AND operation on XOR result until we
get the result as one so write int first
set bit equal to one that is initialised first set
bit as one
Then write while XOR result and first set bit equal
to zero First set bit left shift equal to one
Now we need to group all the numbers based on
the first set bit and perform XOR on each
group at the end of this process we will get
two odd occurring numbers as the result
So declared int N1 equal to zero and N2
equal to zero to store the result and then
write for i equal to zero I lessthan size I plus
plus
And if the Bit is set this will be the first
group and if the Bit is unset this will be
the second group
So write
If array of I and first set bit then N1
XOR equal to array of I else N2
XOR equal to array of I finally we
can store the result in numb one and numb two
so write start numb one equal to N1 and
start numb two equal to N2
And that's it.